Rename default export for @emotion/styled so it shows up as a suggestion for an auto-import (#3334)
emotion-js/emotion: .changeset/wild-pumas-smash.md

---
'@emotion/styled': patch
---

> Renamed default export variable for `@emotion/styled` to aid inferred names in auto-import completions in IDEs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renamed default-exported variable in `@emotion/styled` to aid inferred import names in auto-import completions in IDEs
```
